<0075>Sweets for Five
<00><19><16><13><12><38><09><4A><EF><03><04><28>
You have a box of four different kinds of
sweets arranged in no particular order.
Your job is to divide these treats into
five equal portions. To do so, you need
to make sure each portion contains the
exact same number and variety of sweets.

Got it? Good, then get started!
!******************************!
Sweet!

The puzzle's solution is shown above.

Now remember, those sweets are for
everyone, so don't forget to share!
!******************************!
Too bad!

Give the puzzle another try.
!******************************!
First, count out how many sweets you
have. There are four types of sweet.
You only have five of the first three
types, but 10 of the fourth type.
You therefore have to put two of this
fourth type of sweet into each of the
five portions.
!******************************!
Look for sweets that are one per
portion, in other words, sweets of
which there are only five in total.
If you find two of these sweets next to
each other, you can draw a line between
them, since they can't be in the same
portion.

Start by drawing in these lines.
!******************************!
Do you see the three of the same kind
of sweet in the third row? The leftmost
two sweets there are part of a single
portion. The third of those three
sweets and the identical sweet directly
below it are part of a different portion.

Now that you know that much, you
shouldn't have too much trouble
finishing the puzzle.
!******************************!