<0087>Different Suits
<00><28><24><20><11><44><0A><56><50><04><04><FF>
Below are 16 cards. There are four cards
from each suit: diamonds, clubs, spades
and hearts. The cards are arranged in a 4x4
grid as shown below, and four cards have
already been placed down.

Arrange the remaining cards so that each
vertical column, horizontal row and 
#rdiagonal line#x of four cards contains
one card from each suit. Touch a card to
change its suit.
!******************************!
Nicely done!

Did that one give your brain a workout?
It's a great puzzle to set up with real
cards and share with a friend.
!******************************!
Too bad!

Check over your solution to make sure
you didn't make any mistakes.
!******************************!
There's a card on the table that belongs
to the row the heart is in, the column
the club is in and the diagonal line the
diamond is in. Therefore, you can safely
conclude that this card must be a spade.
This is the kind of logic you'll need to
use to solve this puzzle.

!******************************!
What card do you suppose belongs in the
bottom-left corner? This column already
has a diamond and heart in it and
there's a spade to the immediate right
of this space, so the card in question
must be a club.

Knowing this, you can also fill in the
last card in the leftmost column, which
has to be a spade.
!******************************!
The card in the top-right corner is a
spade and the one at the bottom of that
same column is a heart.

The rest of the solution is up to you,
but it shouldn't be too hard to work
out.
!******************************!